Bonita Faye Vincent
Spring 2016
AIT 642
Project 3

What I learned from this project?

	I found this project very challenging but rewarding.  My first challenge was to become more proficient in the Java 
	programming language and most importantly the Java programming concepts.  Knowing what to test for was not the 
	difficult decision but how to get the code to correctly evaluate what needed to be tested.  Creating the code to 
	set up the evaluation was also difficult for me.  Such as declaring the objects within the test case and initializing 
	the objects to precondition status. I found that if I displayed the object result with the system.print function
	 it help.  For the first two task, I was able to read through the code and find the bugs.  
	 I did struggle with testing the throw exception condition but that was remedy with a quick office visit; thanks.  

	Adding the JUnit the Eclipse application was not hard and working with it was pretty easy.  I was able to run the
 test and debug the incorrect test case when they were not green. I did have to work with changing the different 
 windows (GitHub, Java, and JUnit).  The more I worked with them the more familiar they became and easier to maneuver.  
 I learning the abilities/power of the Eclipse editor can be very helpful.  For instance the method suggestions of a 
 object help with determining what to evaluate in the assert statement. 



What I liked/disliked about this project?

	I like working with Eclipse application.  Coding with Java IDE allows me to learn Java as I code.  
	To help me understand the Eclipse application symbols, I printed out an icon glossary.  
	This was a great help in understanding the symbols in the Package Explorer.  The example of the Coffee
    Machine that was given in class was very helpful.  I still had to do some research to find the best 
    way to write my test case but it did put me in the right directions.  
    
	My lack of expertise of the Java concepts and syntax is what I do not like about the project but on the
	upside I am finding that I learning a little more about Java each project.   To offset this, I have googled
	 for answers and just reread the Java tutorial.  I hoping one day it will stick. 
